README.md, before:

# Milestone Project 1

## Introduction

This website was created for the purpose of completing my first milestone project as a [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net "Link to code institute") student of a full-stack Software Developer course. This Project demonstrates the knowledge acquired afer the completion of the modules required to build the website. Technologies used for the Architectural design and structure are majorly based on HTML, CSS and UX Design modules. See below, in technology section of this documentation, a detailed list of technologies used for the completion of the project.

[Click to view project website](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "link to live website")

# [GOSIP](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "link to live website")

## Preview

![Website Mock-up](assets/images/Mock-up%20GOSIP.png "A pictographic display of the website on different devices")

GOSIP, coined from the word *gossip*, is a blog post intended to provide trending news from various sectors of the World. As at the time of creation, GOSIP reported news only pertaining to Sports, Music and Entertainment, and Education. However, the project is expected to extend beyond these topics and touch other interesting news around the world. During the creation of the website, user's target was taken into consideration. Hence, the website is responsive to ranges of screens of devices and pegged at a device with 320px screen size (i.e iphone 5).

---

# User Experience Design

## User's Target

* First time User goals
    * As a first time user, It is important for me to understand the speciality of the site i am visiting and learn about the organization.
    * As a first time user, I want to have the comfort of reading the news on small screen devices as well as on larger screens as need arises.
    * As a first time user, navigation through aspects of the website should be easy and lead to exactly where i need to go.
    * As a first time user, keeping up to date via social media platforms and necessary links is vital.

* Frequent User goals
    * As a frequent user, I want to be able to reach out to the organization via their current contact addresses.
    * As a frequent user, I want to be able to sign up for news letters in other to keep up to date with news and the Organization.
    * As a frequent user, i want to have the freedom to change my subscription mode at will.
    * As a frequent user, I want to know what my data is used for. 

## Structure

 * [x] The main page of the website will contain important informations helpful for users knowledge about the website. The images and words used will describe what the website is about, News highlights, the goal of the website, and the members of the organiztion.

 * [x] To fulfill Navigation purposes, The website will contain a navigation menu at the top of every page of the website for easy navigation to and fro pages and contents of the website. Flex display and relative measurements will be used for the responsiveness of the website to soothe screens of users.

 * [x] The website will be responsive to small and large screen devices for a proper dissemination of informations related to the goals of the Organization and as a result fulfilling user's goals. Flex display and relative measurements will be used for the responsiveness of the website to soothe screens of users.

 * [x] At the footer of every page of the website, the address and contact information of the organization wiil be displayed.

 * [x] The website will contain a registration form that will be accessible via the navigation bar to serve the purpose of keeping the users up to date with newsletters and changes pertaining to the organization.

 * [x] The Registration form will contain a radio button that informs the organization of the frequency at which users wants to receive newsletters.

 * [x] The website will inform the user of the use of their data informations. This information will be readable at the signing up page.

## Design

### Colour Scheme

The website will overall use three major colors as they are significant to the values of the organization. These colours will be used in a way that they complement eachother seamlessly.

* #022138 : A dark-blue colour
* #fffaf6 : A light cream colour
* #f02c2c : A redish colour

### Typography

The text types of the website will be as follows.

* Oswald : For Headers.
* Roboto : For normal text contents.

### graphics

* The images and icons used for the website depicts the purpose and goals of the website.

### Wireframe

* ![An illustrative design of the website](assets/images/Gosip%20wireframe.jpg)

## Limitations

* The website's functionality does not include any imperative programming languages such as Javascript. Consequently, the registration form used in this website will not store any data.
* The responsiveness of the website to screens is pegged at 320px width. 

---

# Features

## Existing Features
* The website will link to external social websites like facebook, instagram, youtube, and twitter in order for the user to keep up-to-date with news pertaining to the organization.
* The website will have embedded in it an api to google map. This enables users to be able to check the distace of their location to that of the organization#s physical location.
    * ![Google map](assets/images/Google%20map%20API%20feature.png)
* The website will have a Registration form for the the purpose of taking user's data and provide users necessary information and newsletter as at when due.
    * ![Registration form](assets/images/form%20feature.png)
* The website will be responsive both on mobile, tablet, and desktop with various ranges. This makes the website mobile friendly as well as usable on desktop. 
    * As illustrated in the preview section of this page.

## Feeatures to be implemented

The following features were not implemented as at the time of creation of this website due to limitations in technological skills :

* For easier search and navigation through the website, the website can include a search bar.
* Include a comment section for the users to create interaction amongst users on the website.
* Include a chat-bot for effeciency in responding to user's needs.

---

# Technologies

* HTML
    * Hyper Text Markup Language(HTML) is the main text writer used for this website.
* CSS
    * Cascading Style Sheets(CSS) is the technology used for styling the website.
* [Github](https://github.com "Link to Github main-page")
    * Github is the site used for the deployment and hosting of this website.
* [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io "Link to Gitpod main-page")
    * Gitpod is the open-source developer platform used in tandem with github for the deployment of the website source code.
* [Visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com "Link to visual studio code main-page")
    * The Integrated development environment(IDE) used for the writing of source code.
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com "Link to font Awesome main-page")
    * The icons used in the website were products of font awesome.
* [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com "Link to google fonts main-page")
    * The fonts used in the website were products of google fonts.
* [Adobe color](https://color.adobe.com/de "Link to Adobe color")
    * Adobe color was used to compare colors used for the website.
* [TinyJPG](https://tinyjpg.com/ "Link to TinyJPG main-page")
    * Website used for the compression of images used in the website.
* [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com "Link to pexels main-page")
    * Website used to source images used in the website.
* [Techsini](https://techsini.com/multi-mockup/index.php "Link to website main-page")
    * The Mock-up generator website used for creating the website mock-up image.
* [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator "Link to W3 CSS main-page")
    * CSS validator used to validate the website's CSS in comparison to standard CSS writing.
* [W3 HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea "Link to W3 HTML main-page")
    * HTML validator used to validate the website's HTML in comparison to standard HTML writing.

---

# Testing

## Test procedure

The following steps were carried out in testing the validity of the source code and the website standard fuctionality:

* General website functionality

| TEST                  | CRITERIA              | RESULT           | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-----------------------|------------------|-------------------------------
| Navigation & Layout   | functionality         | [x]              |
| Visually impaired     | alt text              | [x]              |
| Information structure | header vs text        | [x]              |
| Colour contrast       | background vs colour  | [x]              |

* Website code vs standard coding

| TEST                  | CRITERIA          | RESULT           | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------
| W3C CSS               | Errors            | [x]              | No Errors
| W3C HTML              | Errors            | [x]              | No Errors
| Images                | Pixelated         | [x]              |
| External links        | functionality     | [x]              | All social links and form submittion.
| Media queries         | Page integtrity   | [x]              | Pages start to lose integrity from screens below 320px
| Content               | readability       | [x]              | 
| Navigation            | navigatable       | [x]              | All checked

* Deployment of code

| TEST                  | CRITERIA          | RESULT            | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------
| Deployment of code    | Github            | [x]               |
| Code commenting       | Commented code    | [x]               | No codes commented
| Internal links        | not broken        | [x]               | Internal links navigate to target
| Project screenshot    | In README file    | [x]               | 
| Project features      | screenshots       | []                | Not yet done
| external code         | included/reference| []                | 
| Code Organization     | comment sections  | []                |
| CSS file              | linked to HTML    | [x]               |
| Coding structure      | standard          | [x]               | Use of Document format (Shift+Alt+F)
| file name             | descriptive       | [x]               | Name as in website. index page(True)


---

# Deployment

## Project Creation

To start this project, It is recommended to use the [template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template "Link to Code Institute template") already created by Code Institute. By using this template, necessary plugins for your project are downloaded for you. After clicking this link, the following steps are to be followed.
1. Navigate to "Use this template" on the page.
    * ![Use this template](assets/images/Use%20this%20template%20(Code%20Institute).png)
    * click on the button
1. Navigate to "repostory name"
    * Enter a name for your repository to continue (e.g Milestone project-1)
    * You may enter a description for the project. (Not mandatory)
    * keep your repository checked "public" for assessment purposes.
    * Then click on the button "Create repository from template".
    * ![Create repository for your project](assets/images/Repository%20creation.png)
1. Are your registered with gitpod by now?
    1. If No ? 
        * Visit the [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io "Click to visit gitpod") webiste and Login your details.
        * there after navigate back to Github and continue the steps after login.
    1. If yes ?
        * Navigate to the green button ["Clipboard"](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "click on this link to view clipboard") and click on it.
        * The creation of an environment might take a while. wait for gitpod to set up your environment.
1. Now we should have the [IDE](https://folarinogun-milestonepr-kf64x2mo04v.ws-eu63.gitpod.io/ "click to view interface") created.
    1. Here we have Visual Studio code as IDE.
        * By default, on the left side-bar is the respository we created in github (Milestone-project1) including an already made README.md file.
            * A mouse right click in this panel area gives us option to create new files and or folders in this repository.
            * On the right-side window next to the left side-bar, we can write our HTML, and CSS code.
            * Finally, the bash terminal for interacting with github is located right below this window.
        * To upload changes made in our repository to github in this IDE, the following commands are to be enetered after the $ sign in the bash terminal.
            * To check the status of your repository if any changes have been made.
                 ``` bash
                    git status
            *  To stage changes made 
                ``` bash
                    git add . 
            * To commit changes made 
                ```bash
                    git commit -m "commit message inbetween this quotes"
            * To push changes made to github
                ```bash
                    git push
            * View files that have been uploaded to github
                ```bash
                    git ls-files
                ```
---

# Credits

## Code
* The turorial from code institute was the most helpful link in writing the codes of this website.
* Helpful ideas from  [Kevin Powel](https://youtu.be/iHEkRIF7zxI "Visit Kevin Powel youtube video") to setup *table of content*, creating variables, and using ":is() in CSS
* Building of Readme file using technique from [Daisy McG](https://github.com/Daisy-McG/MilestoneProject-1 "Visit Daisy McG Github")
    
## Content

* The contents in the news article were written by me and Abegunde Adebola 

## Media

* Thanks to Pexels and the following people who made their pictures available for use:
   
    * [Pixabay](https://images.pexels.com/photos/248547/pexels-photo-248547.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [Andrea Piacquadio](https://images.pexels.com/photos/3761519/pexels-photo-3761519.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "Visit website")
    * [Thibault trillet](https://images.pexels.com/photos/167491/pexels-photo-167491.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [RODNAE Production](https://images.pexels.com/photos/6936406/pexels-photo-6936406.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [Emily Ranquist](https://images.pexels.com/photos/1205651/pexels-photo-1205651.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=2 "Visit website")

## Acknowledgement 

My sincere appreciation goes to :
* To my able mentor, who made time from his rather tight schedule to provide me with relevant tips and information to build this website.
* To the aug-2022-disdcc team who gave time to watch me present my project and giving their honest review and tips. good to have you team.
* To my colleague and friend, kruppa Sören, who gave his honest review on the website and bringing my awareness to overlooked parts of the website. thank you
* And finally to my partner, Mo, who also contributed time to writing the articles used in this project. Thank you love

Commit message:

Add errors found during testing procedure

README.md, after:

# Milestone Project 1

## Introduction

This website was created for the purpose of completing my first milestone project as a [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net "Link to code institute") student of a full-stack Software Developer course. This Project demonstrates the knowledge acquired afer the completion of the modules required to build the website. Technologies used for the Architectural design and structure are majorly based on HTML, CSS and UX Design modules. See below, in technology section of this documentation, a detailed list of technologies used for the completion of the project.

[Click to view project website](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "link to live website")

# [GOSIP](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "link to live website")

## Preview

![Website Mock-up](assets/images/Mock-up%20GOSIP.png "A pictographic display of the website on different devices")

GOSIP, coined from the word *gossip*, is a blog post intended to provide trending news from various sectors of the World. As at the time of creation, GOSIP reported news only pertaining to Sports, Music and Entertainment, and Education. However, the project is expected to extend beyond these topics and touch other interesting news around the world. During the creation of the website, user's target was taken into consideration. Hence, the website is responsive to ranges of screens of devices and pegged at a device with 320px screen size (i.e iphone 5).

---

# User Experience Design

## User's Target

* First time User goals
    * As a first time user, It is important for me to understand the speciality of the site i am visiting and learn about the organization.
    * As a first time user, I want to have the comfort of reading the news on small screen devices as well as on larger screens as need arises.
    * As a first time user, navigation through aspects of the website should be easy and lead to exactly where i need to go.
    * As a first time user, keeping up to date via social media platforms and necessary links is vital.

* Frequent User goals
    * As a frequent user, I want to be able to reach out to the organization via their current contact addresses.
    * As a frequent user, I want to be able to sign up for news letters in other to keep up to date with news and the Organization.
    * As a frequent user, i want to have the freedom to change my subscription mode at will.
    * As a frequent user, I want to know what my data is used for. 

## Structure

 * [x] The main page of the website will contain important informations helpful for users knowledge about the website. The images and words used will describe what the website is about, News highlights, the goal of the website, and the members of the organiztion.

 * [x] To fulfill Navigation purposes, The website will contain a navigation menu at the top of every page of the website for easy navigation to and fro pages and contents of the website. Flex display and relative measurements will be used for the responsiveness of the website to soothe screens of users.

 * [x] The website will be responsive to small and large screen devices for a proper dissemination of informations related to the goals of the Organization and as a result fulfilling user's goals. Flex display and relative measurements will be used for the responsiveness of the website to soothe screens of users.

 * [x] At the footer of every page of the website, the address and contact information of the organization wiil be displayed.

 * [x] The website will contain a registration form that will be accessible via the navigation bar to serve the purpose of keeping the users up to date with newsletters and changes pertaining to the organization.

 * [x] The Registration form will contain a radio button that informs the organization of the frequency at which users wants to receive newsletters.

 * [x] The website will inform the user of the use of their data informations. This information will be readable at the signing up page.

## Design

### Colour Scheme

The website will overall use three major colors as they are significant to the values of the organization. These colours will be used in a way that they complement eachother seamlessly.

* #022138 : A dark-blue colour
* #fffaf6 : A light cream colour
* #f02c2c : A redish colour

### Typography

The text types of the website will be as follows.

* Oswald : For Headers.
* Roboto : For normal text contents.

### graphics

* The images and icons used for the website depicts the purpose and goals of the website.

### Wireframe

* ![An illustrative design of the website](assets/images/Gosip%20wireframe.jpg)

## Limitations

* The website's functionality does not include any imperative programming languages such as Javascript. Consequently, the registration form used in this website will not store any data.
* The responsiveness of the website to screens is pegged at 320px width. 

---

# Features

## Existing Features
* The website will link to external social websites like facebook, instagram, youtube, and twitter in order for the user to keep up-to-date with news pertaining to the organization.
* The website will have embedded in it an api to google map. This enables users to be able to check the distace of their location to that of the organization#s physical location.
    * ![Google map](assets/images/Google%20map%20API%20feature.png)
* The website will have a Registration form for the the purpose of taking user's data and provide users necessary information and newsletter as at when due.
    * ![Registration form](assets/images/form%20feature.png)
* The website will be responsive both on mobile, tablet, and desktop with various ranges. This makes the website mobile friendly as well as usable on desktop. 
    * As illustrated in the preview section of this page.

## Feeatures to be implemented

The following features were not implemented as at the time of creation of this website due to limitations in technological skills :

* For easier search and navigation through the website, the website can include a search bar.
* Include a comment section for the users to create interaction amongst users on the website.
* Include a chat-bot for effeciency in responding to user's needs.

---

# Technologies

* HTML
    * Hyper Text Markup Language(HTML) is the main text writer used for this website.
* CSS
    * Cascading Style Sheets(CSS) is the technology used for styling the website.
* [Github](https://github.com "Link to Github main-page")
    * Github is the site used for the deployment and hosting of this website.
* [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io "Link to Gitpod main-page")
    * Gitpod is the open-source developer platform used in tandem with github for the deployment of the website source code.
* [Visual Studio code](https://code.visualstudio.com "Link to visual studio code main-page")
    * The Integrated development environment(IDE) used for the writing of source code.
* [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com "Link to font Awesome main-page")
    * The icons used in the website were products of font awesome.
* [Google fonts](https://fonts.google.com "Link to google fonts main-page")
    * The fonts used in the website were products of google fonts.
* [Adobe color](https://color.adobe.com/de "Link to Adobe color")
    * Adobe color was used to compare colors used for the website.
* [TinyJPG](https://tinyjpg.com/ "Link to TinyJPG main-page")
    * Website used for the compression of images used in the website.
* [Pexels](https://www.pexels.com "Link to pexels main-page")
    * Website used to source images used in the website.
* [Techsini](https://techsini.com/multi-mockup/index.php "Link to website main-page")
    * The Mock-up generator website used for creating the website mock-up image.
* [W3C CSS Validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator "Link to W3 CSS main-page")
    * CSS validator used to validate the website's CSS in comparison to standard CSS writing.
* [W3 HTML Checker](https://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea "Link to W3 HTML main-page")
    * HTML validator used to validate the website's HTML in comparison to standard HTML writing.

---

# Testing

## Test procedure

The following steps were carried out in testing the validity of the source code and the website standard fuctionality:

* General website functionality

| TEST                  | CRITERIA              | RESULT           | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-----------------------|------------------|-------------------------------
| Navigation & Layout   | functionality         | [x]              |
| Visually impaired     | alt text              | [x]              |
| Information structure | header vs text        | [x]              |
| Colour contrast       | background vs colour  | [x]              |

* Website code vs standard coding

| TEST                  | CRITERIA          | RESULT           | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-------------------|------------------|------------------------------
| W3C CSS               | Errors            | [x]              | No Errors
| W3C HTML              | Errors            | [x]              | No Errors
| Images                | Pixelated         | [x]              |
| External links        | functionality     | [x]              | All social links and form submit in a different page.
| Media queries         | Page integtrity   | [x]              | Pages start to lose integrity from screens below 320px wide
| Content               | readability       | [x]              | good
| Navigation            | navigatable       | [x]              | All checked

* Deployment of code

| TEST                  | CRITERIA          | RESULT            | COMMENT
|-----------------------|-------------------|-------------------|----------------------------------------
| Deployment of code    | Github            | [x]               |
| Code commenting       | Commented code    | [x]               | No codes commented
| Internal links        | not broken        | [x]               | Internal links navigate to target
| Project screenshot    | In README file    | [x]               | 
| Project features      | screenshots       | [x]               | 
| external code         | included/reference| [x]               | Helpful ideas credited in credit section
| Code Organization     | comment sections  | [x]               | give structure to each sectional line of code and table of content in CSS
| CSS file              | linked to HTML    | [x]               |
| Coding structure      | standard          | [x]               | Use of Document format (Shift+Alt+F)
| file name             | descriptive       | [x]               | Name as in website. index page(True)

All pages of the codes were validated and checked to standard using [W3C HTML validator](https://validator.w3.org/nu/#textarea "Visit WC3 website").
* Error found on the use of acronym was corrected and changed to abbr instead. acronym tag appear to be obsolete.
* Error found on multiple use of same name id selector was corrected to a class attribute.
* Error found on iframe text between tags were removed as they are not required. 
* Error found on iframe width and height sizing with the use measurements were removed.
All pages of the codes were validated and checked to standard using [W3C CSS validator](https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator "Visit WC3 website").
* Error found on typo-error of selector keyword was corrected.
---

# Deployment

## Project Creation

To start this project, It is recommended to use the [template](https://github.com/Code-Institute-Org/gitpod-full-template "Link to Code Institute template") already created by Code Institute. By using this template, necessary plugins for your project are downloaded for you. After clicking this link, the following steps are to be followed.
1. Navigate to "Use this template" on the page.
    * ![Use this template](assets/images/Use%20this%20template%20(Code%20Institute).png)
    * click on the button
1. Navigate to "repostory name"
    * Enter a name for your repository to continue (e.g Milestone project-1)
    * You may enter a description for the project. (Not mandatory)
    * keep your repository checked "public" for assessment purposes.
    * Then click on the button "Create repository from template".
    * ![Create repository for your project](assets/images/Repository%20creation.png)
1. Are your registered with gitpod by now?
    1. If No ? 
        * Visit the [Gitpod](https://www.gitpod.io "Click to visit gitpod") webiste and Login your details.
        * there after navigate back to Github and continue the steps after login.
    1. If yes ?
        * Navigate to the green button ["Clipboard"](https://folarin-ogungbemi.github.io/Portfolio-Project-1/ "click on this link to view clipboard") and click on it.
        * The creation of an environment might take a while. wait for gitpod to set up your environment.
1. Now we should have the [IDE](https://folarinogun-milestonepr-kf64x2mo04v.ws-eu63.gitpod.io/ "click to view interface") created.
    1. Here we have Visual Studio code as IDE.
        * By default, on the left side-bar is the respository we created in github (Milestone-project1) including an already made README.md file.
            * A mouse right click in this panel area gives us option to create new files and or folders in this repository.
            * On the right-side window next to the left side-bar, we can write our HTML, and CSS code.
            * Finally, the bash terminal for interacting with github is located right below this window.
        * To upload changes made in our repository to github in this IDE, the following commands are to be enetered after the $ sign in the bash terminal.
            * To check the status of your repository if any changes have been made.
                 ``` bash
                    git status
            *  To stage changes made 
                ``` bash
                    git add . 
            * To commit changes made 
                ```bash
                    git commit -m "commit message inbetween this quotes"
            * To push changes made to github
                ```bash
                    git push
            * View files that have been uploaded to github
                ```bash
                    git ls-files
                ```
---

# Credits

## Code
* The turorial from code institute was the most helpful link in writing the codes of this website.
* Helpful ideas from  [Kevin Powel](https://youtu.be/iHEkRIF7zxI "Visit Kevin Powel youtube video") to setup *table of content*, creating variables, and using ":is() in CSS
* Building of Readme file using technique from [Daisy McG](https://github.com/Daisy-McG/MilestoneProject-1 "Visit Daisy McG Github")
    
## Content

* The contents in the news article were written by me and Abegunde Adebola 

## Media

* Thanks to Pexels and the following people who made their pictures available for use:
   
    * [Pixabay](https://images.pexels.com/photos/248547/pexels-photo-248547.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [Andrea Piacquadio](https://images.pexels.com/photos/3761519/pexels-photo-3761519.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "Visit website")
    * [Thibault trillet](https://images.pexels.com/photos/167491/pexels-photo-167491.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [RODNAE Production](https://images.pexels.com/photos/6936406/pexels-photo-6936406.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=1 "visit website")
    * [Emily Ranquist](https://images.pexels.com/photos/1205651/pexels-photo-1205651.jpeg?auto=compress&cs=tinysrgb&w=1260&h=750&dpr=2 "Visit website")

## Acknowledgement 

My sincere appreciation goes to :
* To my able mentor, who made time from his rather tight schedule to provide me with relevant tips and information to build this website.
* To the aug-2022-disdcc team who gave time to watch me present my project and giving their honest review and tips. good to have you team.
* To my colleague and friend, kruppa Sören, who gave his honest review on the website and bringing my awareness to overlooked parts of the website. thank you
* And finally to my partner, Mo, who also contributed time to writing the articles used in this project. Thank you love
